Cleanups to release notes (#5480)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/changelog/2025.10.0.md

- **QMC5883L DRDY pin** for maximum sampling rate
- **USB host/UART** support on ESP32-P4

## For Contributors

If you contribute to ESPHome or maintain external components, you'll notice some big improvements to the development experience:

**CI Testing Improvements:**

- **Much faster CI for large PRs** - Large PR test time reduced from ~1 hour to ~20 minutes through intelligent component grouping
- **Release builds 6-7x faster** - Release test time reduced from 12+ hours to 1h40m
- **Smarter component testing** - Changed components get isolated test runners with full validation, while dependency-only components are grouped for speed
- **Better feedback loops** - Get results faster, making it easier to iterate on contributions

> - **More reliable testing** - APT package caching (2m30s → 5s), disk space management (66GB instead of 23GB), and retry logic for downloads

Reviewer: Is this correct? 23GB -> 66GB? Maybe I'm not understanding what it's calling out. haha

Author: Yes we now use /mnt on the github runners which has 66GB free. / only has 23GB free. This solved the runners going out of disk space during testing

Reviewer 2: Maybe this then?
```suggestion
- **More reliable testing** - APT package caching (2m30s → 5s), disk space management (66GB available instead of 23GB), and retry logic for downloads
```

Reviewer: Ah that makes sense, just needs to be a bit clearer. haha
I'm good with @jesserockz's suggestion, or here's another option:

```suggestion
- **More reliable testing** - APT package caching (2m30s → 5s), retry logic for downloads, and utilization of a larger available disk partition (66GB instead of 23GB)
```
